G-227 downloading latest maven artifact (#361)
jfrog/terraform-provider-artifactory: docs/data-sources/artifactory_file.md

* `path` - (Required) The path to the file within the repository.
* `output_path` - (Required) The local path the file should be downloaded to.
* `force_overwrite` - (Optional) If set to true, an existing file in the output_path will be overwritten. Default: false

> *  `download_latest_artifact` - (Optional) If set to `true`, HCL will send the artifact path directly to Artifactory without verification 

Reviewer: hcl?

Author: yup, replaced with `the provider`

>    if the file exists. Used in maven repositories, where handling releases and snapshots enabled. For example,

Reviewer: I don't like a maven specific flag for a generic resource. Are there any other repo types that do this? I don't want a param that conditionally applies - that's the reason we have resource specific repos

* `path` - (Required) The path to the file within the repository.
* `output_path` - (Required) The local path the file should be downloaded to.
* `force_overwrite` - (Optional) If set to true, an existing file in the output_path will be overwritten. Default: false

> * `dereference` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the provider will send the artifact path directly to Artifactory without verification 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dereference` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the provider will send the artifact path directly to Artifactory without verification 
```
```suggestion
* `dereference` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the provider will get the artifact directly from Artifactory without verification or de aliasing
```

> * `path_is_aliased` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the provider will send the artifact path directly to Artifactory without verification 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `path_is_aliased` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the provider will get the artifact directly from Artifactory without attempting to resolve it or verify it and will delegate this to artifactory 
```
